Daddy pig is getting ready to go to work.
Good, that's all the papers I need. Bye
Byebye Daddy!
Mummy, can we make something?
Yes ,what would you like to make？
Dinosaur!
Oh, George！
You always say dinosaur for everything!
Let's make an aeroplane.
George likes aeroplanes.
Can we make an aeroplane that flies?
Yes, all we need is some paper!
We know where there is the paper.
There is lots of old paper in the workroom.
Here's some paper.
Perfect!
Mummy pig is
going to make a paper aeroplane.
Fold the paper down the middle.
Now fold the corners in at one end.
Fold both corners in again to make a point.
Then fold the sides back like this.
Paper aeroplanes.
Let's see if they can fly!
Ready, steady, go!
Woo~
Mummy Pig's
aeroplane has flown into a tree.
My turn~Wee~
Peppa's aeroplane
has landed in a flower pot.
Your turn, George.
Wee~
George's
aeroplane is doing a loop-The-Loop
And has landed in a duck pond.
Quack quack
Let's make a big aeroplane.
We will need a really big piece of paper.
Here is a big piece of blue paper.
Peppa and George
have made a big blue aeroplane.
Daddy pig!
Hello, everyone.
Shouldn't you be at work?
Yes, but I've
forgotten some important papers.
Daddy, we are making aeroplanes.
We made a really big one.
Wow, fantastic,
You need someone
big and strong to throw it.
Ready, steady, go!
The big blue aeroplane
is flying very high and very far.
It just keeps on going!
Bye-Bye, aeroplane.
Hoh~Hoh~Byebye!
Now I need to
find my important work papers.
Has anyone seen any pieces of paper?
Hmm
Uh, maybe you should follow me.
Is this one of your important papers?
Yes, that's one of them.
Is this one
of your important papers, Daddy?
Yes, thank you, Peppa.
Hm, why are we at the duck pond?
Oh, I see! Thank you, Mrs. Duck.
The only paper
I'm missing now is a big blue print.
Hm, is it big and blue?
Like the aeroplane you've
flown along away and away, Daddy?
Oh, hm.
The one that we said bye-Bye to？
Yes, maybe I should ring the office.
This is Daddy Pig's office.
Hello, Daddy pig, did you find the papers?
I found some of them.
The only one we need is the big blue print.
That might be a problem.
Daddy threw it away.
Threw it away?
And it flew and flew forever.
Wow, it's here. It just landed on my desk.
What a great idea to make it
Into a paper aeroplane and throw it to us!
Oh, yes. Well.
I am a bit of an expert in throwing things.
Thank you, Daddy Pig.
Now the blue print is delivered.
Daddy Pig can
take the rest of the day off work.
Ah, that's nice.
Daddy, we need your newspaper.
What for?
Making paper aeroplanes.
Hoh~Hoh~